[Music]
is it okay to wipe your hands on a baby
if it's your baby
absolutely yeah absolutely you own it
right I think so
I owe my kids and I do it all the time
you get a restaurant or whatever
especially the highchair they're not
going anywhere
there were already dirty and they're
already dirty and use blaming them but I
don't even like I mean I used to be very
discreet about it now it's just you know
maybe what baby wipe that's what I
always thought a baby wipe was when
using a urinal where do you look I
usually look like that way right down
down over like I would really go this
way I like that way right what's the
sexiest thing you ever saw your grandma
do Wow I mean when was she not sexy I
mean okay
a toast to your grandma and Ciroc vodka
the answer to all of life's ridiculous
questions and for a limited time try
Ciroc summer watermelon
[Applause]